README.md, before:

# WSABuilds &nbsp; &nbsp; <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/MustardChef/WSABuilds/total?label=Total%20Downloads&style=for-the-badge"/> &nbsp; [<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/XDA%20Developers-WSABuilds-EA7100?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=XDA-Developers" />](https://forum.xda-developers.com/t/wsabuilds-latest-windows-subsystem-for-android-wsa-builds-for-windows-10-and-11-with-magisk-and-google-play-store.4545087/)
### MagiskOnWSA (For Windows™ 10 and 11) [<img align="right" src="https://invidget.switchblade.xyz/2thee7zzHZ" style="width: 400px;"/>](https://discord.gg/2thee7zzHZ) 
#### Windows Subsystem For Android™ (WSA) with Google Play Services and (or) Magisk 

<details>     
   <summary><h4> &nbsp; ⚠️ Forking Information ⚠️<h4></summary>

| :exclamation: **Important:**  &nbsp;  `⚠️DO NOT FORK⚠️`               |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|**This repository is designed specifically not to be forked. MagiskOnWSA and some of the various forks and clones that have sprung up on the platform (***potentially***) violate GitHub's Terms of Service due to abuse of GitHub Actions and have been ultimately warned, disabled or banned.**| 
|**We would like to say one thing: We respect the Terms and Conditions set out by Github to its users. MagiskOnWSA Builds are built using the MagiskOnWSALocal script, patched in the case of Windows 10 Builds and uploaded onto Github and hence do not rely on the use of Github Actions.**|
|**Therefore, don't fork this repository unless you're a developer and want to modify the code itself and/or want to contribute to this Github repository.**|
</details>  

&nbsp;

## Downloads
<details>     
   <summary><h3> &nbsp; ℹ️Download Disclaimer <h3></summary>
   
> **Warning** 
> ### :exclamation: **Important:**
>  ### Prebuilt Windows Subsystem For Android™ Builds for Windows™ 11 in [Releases](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSABuilds/releases) HAVE NOT been modified in anyway prior and subsequent to running the MagiskOnWSA script and upload to Github. 
> ### Prebuilt Windows Subsystem For Android™ Builds for Windows™ 10 in [Releases](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSABuilds/releases) ONLY have had AppxManifest.xml, icu.dll and WsaPatch.dll patched according to the WSAPatch guide before upload to Github.

> ### I will move to a more transparent method of building MagiskOnWSA builds soon, due to the overarching concerns with safety, transparancy and build integrity

> #### The same level of scrutiny should be applied with the Windows Subsystem For Android™ builds as with any other program that you download from the internet
</details>
      
 <details>     
   <summary><h3> &nbsp; ❓Want to build your own custom build❓ <h3></summary>
         
| :exclamation: **Important:**  &nbsp;  `⚠️DO NOT FORK⚠️`               |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|**The repository shown in this is designed specifically not to be forked. MagiskOnWSA and some of the various forks and clones that have sprung up on the platform (***potentially***) violate GitHub's Terms of Service due to abuse of GitHub Actions and have been ultimately warned, disabled or banned.**| 
|**Therefore, don't fork this repository unless you're a developer and want to modify the code itself and/or want to contribute to the Github repository.**|
|**If you want to create your Custom Build, please follow the instructions set out clearly, to avoid the repo from being taken down as a result of a misuse of Github Actions due to the large number of forks.**|
      
---
#### **1. Check the version from [Releases](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSABuilds/releases) first. If it does not have the version you want, continue to follow this guide. If it does, then feel free to use those prebuild WSA builds**
      
#### **2. Log into your Github Account (this is necessary) and in the home page, click on the button (shown below) and select "import a repository" or go to [this page directly](https://github.com/new/import)**
   ***Step 1:***
   
   <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/221636520-78d0716a-247b-4034-aa9d-bdbe2277950c.png" style="width: 350px;"/>
   
   ***Step 2:***
   
   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/221641202-e3ef4deb-f2dd-46e6-82c8-fb4767f82e99.png)
   
---   
#### **3. [Copy the URL of this Repo](https://github.com/YT-Advanced/WSA-Script) and paste it into the the text box below and press "Import"** 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/221643582-72d71f68-8f53-48d9-a940-692a54d42098.png)

---
#### **4. Go to the **Setting** tab in your newly imported repo and enable "Github Actions"**

![Settings](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/222214308-b52b1c6f-a60b-44ef-9ce0-bc335087e3a2.png)
![MRq9WD3SO2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/222215598-30d68ad3-9700-4061-bba4-815b3befcb10.png)

---
#### **5. Then, scroll down until you reach the section titled "Workflow Permission" and follow the steps as shown in the image below**

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/224546417-a82249b4-3864-42bd-8a29-32350b8b0c97.png)


---
#### **6. Now, Go to the **Action** tab**

![CvYhP0B0CI](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/222221960-f48ab9c3-eb77-4cb0-b932-5cd343381048.png)

    
---
#### **7. In the left sidebar, click the **Custom Build** workflow.**
    
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/222221307-8a4571d2-ac3e-410b-b999-0eb62b14d8d5.png)
    
---
#### **8. Above the list of workflow runs, select **Run workflow****
    
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/222222850-f991890c-5a80-4cc2-b83d-0ef35c24a79e.png)
    
---
#### **9. Select your desired options such as ***Magisk Version***, ***WSA Release Channel + WSA Archetecture*** , ***GApps Varient*** and ***Compression Format*** then click **Run workflow****
    
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/222224185-abcfa0cf-c8c6-46e3-bc38-871c968b86f2.png)
    
---    
#### **10. Wait for the action to complete and download the artifact**

**DO NOT download it via multithread downloaders like IDM**

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/222224469-5748b78a-158e-46ff-9f65-317dbb519aac.png)

---
#### **11. Install like normal using the instructions in this repository** and most important of all....

<br/>

### **Enjoy!**
 
<br/>

---    
</details>
      
<details>     
   <summary><h3> &nbsp; ❓Want to request a prebuilt custom build❓ <h3></summary>
   
> **Note**
> <br /> To request: <br /> - A newer build <br /> - A build with a different version of GApps (Google Play Services) or Magisk (root) <br /> - A build without Magisk (root) or GApps (Google Play Services) <br /> Feel free to open an issue in the [Issues page](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSABuilds/issues). <br /><br /> Requested (Custom) Builds can be in the "Custom Builds" section below.
</details>

|****Operating System****|****Download Page****|
|----------|-----------| 
|<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e6/Windows_11_logo.svg" style="width: 200px;"/> | [![win11down](https://img.shields.io/badge/Download%20Latest%20Build-Windows%2011%20x64-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows11)](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSABuilds/releases/tag/Windows_11_2301.40000.7.0) <br /> [![win11down](https://img.shields.io/badge/Download%20Latest%20Build-Windows%2011%20arm64-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows11)](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSABuilds/releases/tag/Windows_11_2301.40000.7.0_arm64)|![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/213565690-f2f3710b-7673-4ac1-b8b4-0c6f58028c6f.png)
|<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Windows_10_Logo.svg" style="width: 200px;"/> | [![win10down](https://img.shields.io/badge/Download%20Latest%20Build-Windows%2010%20x64-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows)](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSABuilds/releases/tag/Windows_10_2301.40000.7.0)|
| &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/240/null/windows-11.png" style="width: 50px;"/> <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/240/null/windows-10.png" style="width: 50px;"/>  |[![windownold](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows%2010%2F11-Older%20Builds-red?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSABuilds/blob/master/OldBuilds.md)|
| &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/240/null/windows-11.png" style="width: 50px;"/> <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/240/null/windows-10.png" style="width: 50px;"/>  | <h4>Custom Builds:<h4> [![windownmagikdelta](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows%2010%2F11-Magisk%20Delta-382bef?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSAMagiskDelta)|![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/213565463-21ebdf11-ef6b-448a-bbda-f8e55fd95374.png)
|<p align="center"><img align="centre;" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/216452358-8137df76-875f-4b59-b77d-ca34c8a2d6d3.png" style="width: 80px;"/></p>|[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-.msix%20Sources-3A6B35?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=Github" />](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSAArchives)|

&nbsp;

## Requirements
|     <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e6/Windows_11_logo.svg" width=40% height=40%>        |  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Windows_10_Logo.svg" width=40% height=40%>     |
|-----------------------|-----------------------|
| - RAM: 6 GB (not recommended), 8 GB (minimum) and 16 GB (recommended).|- RAM: 6 GB (not recommended), 8 GB (minimum) and 16 GB (recommended).|
|- Processor: Your PC should meet the basic Windows™ 11 requirements i.e Core i3 8th Gen, Ryzen 3000, Snapdragon 8c, or above.| - Processor: N/A </br> This is a bit of a hit or miss, but it is highly recommeneded that your processor is listed in the [supported CPU lists for Windows 11 requirements](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/windows-hardware/design/minimum/windows-processor-requirements)
|- Processor type: x64 or ARM64.| - Processor type: x64 or ARM64.|
|- GPU: Any compatible Intel, AMD or Nvidia GPU <br /> GPU Performance may vary depending on its compatibility with Windows Subsystem For Android™  <br /><br /> <details><summary><h3>**Users with Intel HD Graphics 530 and older**<h3><br /></summary> <br /> WSA may not start or graphical glitches will occur when Intel HD Graphics 530 and Older iGPUs are used. This is a known issue, but unfortunately there are no fixes that I currently know, plus, these GPUs are too old and do not meet Windows 11 requirements and hence are not offical supported. [Follow this guide](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSABuilds/blob/master/Guides/ChangingGPU.md) to switch to another iGPU/dGPU/eGPU  that you may have or Microsoft Basic Renderer </details> <br /><details><summary><h3>**Users with Nvidia GPUs**<h3><br /></summary> <br /> Nvidia GPUs are known to cause problems. If Windows Subsystem For Android™ does not start or there are graphical glitches when an Nvidia GPU is used, [follow this guide](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSABuilds/blob/master/Guides/ChangingGPU.md) to switch to another iGPU/dGPU/eGPU  that you may have or Microsoft Basic Renderer </details>|- GPU: Any compatible Intel, AMD or Nvidia GPU <br /> GPU Performance may vary depending on its compatibility with Windows Subsystem For Android™  <br /><br /> <details><summary><h3> **Users with Intel HD Graphics 530 and older** <h3><br /></summary> <br /> WSA may not start or graphical glitches will occur when Intel HD Graphics 530 and Older iGPUs are used. This is a known issue, but unfortunately there are no fixes that I currently know, plus, these GPUs are too old and do not meet Windows 11 requirements and hence are not offical supported. [Follow this guide](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSABuilds/blob/master/Guides/ChangingGPU.md) to switch to another iGPU/dGPU/eGPU  that you may have or Microsoft Basic Renderer </details> <br /><details><summary><h3> **Users with Nvidia GPUs** <h3><br /></summary> <br /> Nvidia GPUs are known to cause problems. If Windows Subsystem For Android™ does not start or there are graphical glitches when an Nvidia GPU is used, [follow this guide](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSABuilds/blob/master/Guides/ChangingGPU.md) to switch to another iGPU/dGPU/e

Commit message:

Sound Control: (Optional) work around for WCD93xx audio issues

README.md, after:

# WSABuilds &nbsp; &nbsp; <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/MustardChef/WSABuilds/total?label=Total%20Downloads&style=for-the-badge"/> &nbsp; [<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/XDA%20Developers-WSABuilds-EA7100?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=XDA-Developers" />](https://forum.xda-developers.com/t/wsabuilds-latest-windows-subsystem-for-android-wsa-builds-for-windows-10-and-11-with-magisk-and-google-play-store.4545087/)
### MagiskOnWSA (For Windows™ 10 and 11) [<img align="right" src="https://invidget.switchblade.xyz/2thee7zzHZ" style="width: 400px;"/>](https://discord.gg/2thee7zzHZ) 
#### Windows Subsystem For Android™ (WSA) with Google Play Services and (or) Magisk 

<details>     
   <summary><h4> &nbsp; ⚠️ Forking Information ⚠️<h4></summary>

| :exclamation: **Important:**  &nbsp;  `⚠️DO NOT FORK⚠️`               |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|**This repository is designed specifically not to be forked. MagiskOnWSA and some of the various forks and clones that have sprung up on the platform (***potentially***) violate GitHub's Terms of Service due to abuse of GitHub Actions and have been ultimately warned, disabled or banned.**| 
|**We would like to say one thing: We respect the Terms and Conditions set out by Github to its users. MagiskOnWSA Builds are built using the MagiskOnWSALocal script, patched in the case of Windows 10 Builds and uploaded onto Github and hence do not rely on the use of Github Actions.**|
|**Therefore, don't fork this repository unless you're a developer and want to modify the code itself and/or want to contribute to this Github repository.**|
</details>  

&nbsp;

## Downloads
<details>     
   <summary><h3> &nbsp; ℹ️Download Disclaimer <h3></summary>
   
> **Warning** 
> ### :exclamation: **Important:**
>  ### Prebuilt Windows Subsystem For Android™ Builds for Windows™ 11 in [Releases](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSABuilds/releases) HAVE NOT been modified in anyway prior and subsequent to running the MagiskOnWSA script and upload to Github. 
> ### Prebuilt Windows Subsystem For Android™ Builds for Windows™ 10 in [Releases](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSABuilds/releases) ONLY have had AppxManifest.xml, icu.dll and WsaPatch.dll patched according to the WSAPatch guide before upload to Github.

> ### I will move to a more transparent method of building MagiskOnWSA builds soon, due to the overarching concerns with safety, transparancy and build integrity

> #### The same level of scrutiny should be applied with the Windows Subsystem For Android™ builds as with any other program that you download from the internet
</details>
      
 <details>     
   <summary><h3> &nbsp; ❓Want to build your own custom build❓ <h3></summary>
         
| :exclamation: **Important:**  &nbsp;  `⚠️DO NOT FORK⚠️`               |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|**The repository shown in this is designed specifically not to be forked. MagiskOnWSA and some of the various forks and clones that have sprung up on the platform (***potentially***) violate GitHub's Terms of Service due to abuse of GitHub Actions and have been ultimately warned, disabled or banned.**| 
|**Therefore, don't fork this repository unless you're a developer and want to modify the code itself and/or want to contribute to the Github repository.**|
|**If you want to create your Custom Build, please follow the instructions set out clearly, to avoid the repo from being taken down as a result of a misuse of Github Actions due to the large number of forks.**|
      
---
#### **1. Check the version from [Releases](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSABuilds/releases) first. If it does not have the version you want, continue to follow this guide. If it does, then feel free to use those prebuild WSA builds**
      
#### **2. Log into your Github Account (this is necessary) and in the home page, click on the button (shown below) and select "import a repository" or go to [this page directly](https://github.com/new/import)**
   ***Step 1:***
   
   <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/221636520-78d0716a-247b-4034-aa9d-bdbe2277950c.png" style="width: 350px;"/>
   
   ***Step 2:***
   
   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/221641202-e3ef4deb-f2dd-46e6-82c8-fb4767f82e99.png)
   
---   
#### **3. [Copy the URL of this Repo](https://github.com/YT-Advanced/WSA-Script) and paste it into the the text box below and press "Import"** 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/221643582-72d71f68-8f53-48d9-a940-692a54d42098.png)

---
#### **4. Go to the **Setting** tab in your newly imported repo and enable "Github Actions"**

![Settings](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/222214308-b52b1c6f-a60b-44ef-9ce0-bc335087e3a2.png)
![MRq9WD3SO2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/222215598-30d68ad3-9700-4061-bba4-815b3befcb10.png)

---
#### **5. Then, scroll down until you reach the section titled "Workflow Permission" and follow the steps as shown in the image below**

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/224546417-a82249b4-3864-42bd-8a29-32350b8b0c97.png)


---
#### **6. Now, Go to the **Action** tab**

![CvYhP0B0CI](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/222221960-f48ab9c3-eb77-4cb0-b932-5cd343381048.png)

    
---
#### **7. In the left sidebar, click the **Custom Build** workflow.**
    
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/222221307-8a4571d2-ac3e-410b-b999-0eb62b14d8d5.png)
    
---
#### **8. Above the list of workflow runs, select **Run workflow****
    
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/222222850-f991890c-5a80-4cc2-b83d-0ef35c24a79e.png)
    
---
#### **9. Select your desired options such as ***Magisk Version***, ***WSA Release Channel + WSA Archetecture*** , ***GApps Varient*** and ***Compression Format*** then click **Run workflow****
    
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/222224185-abcfa0cf-c8c6-46e3-bc38-871c968b86f2.png)
    
---    
#### **10. Wait for the action to complete and download the artifact**

**DO NOT download it via multithread downloaders like IDM**

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/222224469-5748b78a-158e-46ff-9f65-317dbb519aac.png)

---
#### **11. Install like normal using the instructions in this repository** and most important of all....

<br/>

### **Enjoy!**
 
<br/>

---    
</details>
      
<details>     
   <summary><h3> &nbsp; ❓Want to request a prebuilt custom build❓ <h3></summary>
   
> **Note**
> <br /> To request: <br /> - A newer build <br /> - A build with a different version of GApps (Google Play Services) or Magisk (root) <br /> - A build without Magisk (root) or GApps (Google Play Services) <br /> Feel free to open an issue in the [Issues page](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSABuilds/issues). <br /><br /> Requested (Custom) Builds can be in the "Custom Builds" section below.
</details>

|****Operating System****|****Download Page****|
|----------|-----------| 
|<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e6/Windows_11_logo.svg" style="width: 200px;"/> | [![win11down](https://img.shields.io/badge/Download%20Latest%20Build-Windows%2011%20x64-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows11)](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSABuilds/releases/tag/Windows_11_2301.40000.7.0) <br /> [![win11down](https://img.shields.io/badge/Download%20Latest%20Build-Windows%2011%20arm64-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows11)](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSABuilds/releases/tag/Windows_11_2301.40000.7.0_arm64)|![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/213565690-f2f3710b-7673-4ac1-b8b4-0c6f58028c6f.png)
|<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Windows_10_Logo.svg" style="width: 200px;"/> | [![win10down](https://img.shields.io/badge/Download%20Latest%20Build-Windows%2010%20x64-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows)](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSABuilds/releases/tag/Windows_10_2301.40000.7.0)|
| &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/240/null/windows-11.png" style="width: 50px;"/> <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/240/null/windows-10.png" style="width: 50px;"/>  |[![windownold](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows%2010%2F11-Older%20Builds-red?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSABuilds/blob/master/OldBuilds.md)|
| &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/240/null/windows-11.png" style="width: 50px;"/> <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/240/null/windows-10.png" style="width: 50px;"/>  | <h4>Custom Builds:<h4> [![windownmagikdelta](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows%2010%2F11-Magisk%20Delta-382bef?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSAMagiskDelta)|![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/213565463-21ebdf11-ef6b-448a-bbda-f8e55fd95374.png)
|<p align="center"><img align="centre;" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68516357/216452358-8137df76-875f-4b59-b77d-ca34c8a2d6d3.png" style="width: 80px;"/></p>|[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-.msix%20Sources-3A6B35?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=Github" />](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSAArchives)|

&nbsp;

## Requirements
|     <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e6/Windows_11_logo.svg" width=40% height=40%>        |  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Windows_10_Logo.svg" width=40% height=40%>     |
|-----------------------|-----------------------|
| - RAM: 6 GB (not recommended), 8 GB (minimum) and 16 GB (recommended).|- RAM: 6 GB (not recommended), 8 GB (minimum) and 16 GB (recommended).|
|- Processor: Your PC should meet the basic Windows™ 11 requirements i.e Core i3 8th Gen, Ryzen 3000, Snapdragon 8c, or above.| - Processor: N/A </br> This is a bit of a hit or miss, but it is highly recommeneded that your processor is listed in the [supported CPU lists for Windows 11 requirements](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/windows-hardware/design/minimum/windows-processor-requirements)
|- Processor type: x64 or ARM64.| - Processor type: x64 or ARM64.|
|- GPU: Any compatible Intel, AMD or Nvidia GPU <br /> GPU Performance may vary depending on its compatibility with Windows Subsystem For Android™  <br /><br /> <details><summary><h3>**Users with Intel HD Graphics 530 and older**<h3><br /></summary> <br /> WSA may not start or graphical glitches will occur when Intel HD Graphics 530 and Older iGPUs are used. This is a known issue, but unfortunately there are no fixes that I currently know, plus, these GPUs are too old and do not meet Windows 11 requirements and hence are not offical supported. [Follow this guide](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSABuilds/blob/master/Guides/ChangingGPU.md) to switch to another iGPU/dGPU/eGPU  that you may have or Microsoft Basic Renderer </details> <br /><details><summary><h3>**Users with Nvidia GPUs**<h3><br /></summary> <br /> Nvidia GPUs are known to cause problems. If Windows Subsystem For Android™ does not start or there are graphical glitches when an Nvidia GPU is used, [follow this guide](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSABuilds/blob/master/Guides/ChangingGPU.md) to switch to another iGPU/dGPU/eGPU  that you may have or Microsoft Basic Renderer </details>|- GPU: Any compatible Intel, AMD or Nvidia GPU <br /> GPU Performance may vary depending on its compatibility with Windows Subsystem For Android™  <br /><br /> <details><summary><h3> **Users with Intel HD Graphics 530 and older** <h3><br /></summary> <br /> WSA may not start or graphical glitches will occur when Intel HD Graphics 530 and Older iGPUs are used. This is a known issue, but unfortunately there are no fixes that I currently know, plus, these GPUs are too old and do not meet Windows 11 requirements and hence are not offical supported. [Follow this guide](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSABuilds/blob/master/Guides/ChangingGPU.md) to switch to another iGPU/dGPU/eGPU  that you may have or Microsoft Basic Renderer </details> <br /><details><summary><h3> **Users with Nvidia GPUs** <h3><br /></summary> <br /> Nvidia GPUs are known to cause problems. If Windows Subsystem For Android™ does not start or there are graphical glitches when an Nvidia GPU is used, [follow this guide](https://github.com/MustardChef/WSABuilds/blob/master/Guides/ChangingGPU.md) to switch to another iGPU/dGPU/eGPU  that you may have or Microsoft Basic Renderer </details>|
|- Virtual Machine Platform Enabled: <br /> This optional setting is for virtualization and you can enable the setting from
